is this
back uh hold
on 3:40
p.m. good daily
are we back I think it's live
again I've got to cancel um I got to
switch Xfinity it keeps going like every
time this day it goes down for a bit and
it takes the stream down I don't know
dev hey
welcome yeah I I'm going to hope it
doesn't go down again if it does just no
there's like a 152 minute block at this
time of day where like the internet just
I don't know if they're what they're
doing but it gets spotty for a second
and like for whatever reason it's like
it takes more than just the second that
it blips out to reconnect it takes it
like a good 2 minutes to
reconnect here while this while people
find that this is back up I'm going to
go um update
the the channel real quick why can't
I why is the stupid thing not
the channel
details I'm going to add the links real
quick while uh while the stream warms
back up and then we're going to finish
the analysis on
info I had a nice one on Twitch
right
this you add
links yeah you can add links
go okay looks like people found that the
stream is back up again it just it goes
out randomly at this time of day I got
to figure out I probably just have to
switch Xfinity off um and switch the
provider they've been it's just been
really bad lately with that um but
anyways let's finish this analysis so uh
we were looking
at right we were looking at this map and
we can just step through this this is
really nice for debugging this we can
step through this one at a time like
this and you can see that they move one
tick right and then we can just print
out self. buff.
rewards uh and we can see that they
looks like all the different
environments that we have are still
getting some forms of
Rewards so if I just keep going like
this eventually they're going to get
stuck in the
corner I wish I could like step many
times you link to your YouTube channel
on
Twitter ah I see what you mean
so I'm a little bit hesitant to put more
links on
X um cuz they really heavily penalize
you in certain places for links um
there's no way to link your xtram like
the best thing for X is to leave the
link to the xream on it and keep people
on platform there because otherwise they
like start penalizing your
content it's really it's really wonky
how they do
it oh this is interesting this is
different right this didn't happen
before
there should be a way to like continue a
bunch of times is there no way to do
that let's see well we'll just stpp in
one at a time here until something
interesting
happens okay so we have most of the
agents now are stock at this
point uh and this seems to be the same
across environments so all of the agents
in all of the environments except for
this one right here are
stuck so it's consistent at the
least this is
consistent couple people on Twitch as
well now that's
funny
um very weird so the thing that I'm
trying to figure
funny the thing I'm trying to figure out
here
is if we look at this train curve no not
this
one uh if we look at the train curve
from
here
right it says that the agents were
getting better over
time very weird that the reward wasn't
going up but this level was going up
over
time how would that happen
could it be like that the creeps
eventually got to the agents or
something like maybe the creeps
eventually took Towers or something
stuck the reward being stuck is very
weird there should be a very very easy
to learn reward function
so let's think about that
so we also have this larger scale run
that we just
did you moveed to continuous you
wouldn't have to
bounce
again wait again
we're still good
right
yeah okay
um you move from continuous reward to
discreet reward wouldn't you have to
balance the gamma and G lamba they
should be robust enough to learn
something though I will actually look at
them because uh I think we probably have
some better
settings discounted rewards would look
yes they would look different it should
be fair robust but it's probably way too
long Horizon right now that is
true okay interesting so in this run
that we did we actually have the reward
that is going up the reward is going up
it looks like um but there are no levels
because we ran way way more parallel
I guess the way to do this then is let's
do another 100 Mil
run and we're going to just we're going
to just dramatically change some
hypers we're going to dramatically
change some hypers and we're going to
set these to be like really
greedy it's a nice debug
technique yeah so oh wait they're
already really greedy that's weird
08 I mean that should already actually
be pretty darn
H and even the value loss coefficient
needs to be
balanced so not really like yes you're
right that the optimal hyper parameters
will
change but um
it should be robust like with this scale
of learning it should be robust enough
that this should not prevent you from
learning
stuff
um where's the entropy
value 02 this is a pretty nice big
entropy bonus it should not be getting
one one possibility is that the
observation data is just bad
right we should go look at a batch of
observations we should go look at a
batch of
also I haven't been tuning any of these
hyper parameters live like you don't do
manual hyperparameter tuning anymore
with this speed you do automated hyper
pram sweeps
okay
so is this what we
want what
three is Agent
one so the way that this should work is
the first five of these should be uh
radiant two is wall so it looks like
this is walls here and then Fountain
this looks
good CNN features one
is is it the same no it's not quite the
same right because this one's up over
here yeah so this is good
two 3
four and they can see each other as well
right yeah they can see each
other why can't this one see the other
ones oh it can look it sees one right
over there
okay and then five should be
dire which it is because four here four
is Agent two you can see that it sees
two of its buddies here there is a wall
a little wall
six seven there's a wall up
there
eight okay yeah there you go this is
this is all
reasonable so these features don't look
bad
them do permute zero yeah that's
fine and then you
have
position uh this is actually going to
mess up your reward isn't it you're not
going to be able to see your
reward because of this game